README.md, before:

SpreeFancy
==========

Fancy theme to be applied to base Spree install. It's intended as a starting point to show how a barebones Spree install can be easily modified to give a nice look in feel. Special bonus is that it's fully responsive and looks good on mobile devices.

If you'd like to see the theme in action, you can register for your own personal [online sandbox](http://spreecommerce.com/demo) which uses the same theme.

Installation
============

Themes in Spree are typically implemented as [Spree extensions](http://guides.spreecommerce.com/extensions.html). To use the theme you will need an existing Spree application running Spree version 1.3 or higher. If you are unsure of how to do this you can find instructions on how to create a simple Spree application in the [Spree README](https://github.com/spree/spree).

Once you have a rails application running Spree, it's a simple three step process to install the spree_fancy extension.  First, add the gem to your `Gemfile`:

```
gem 'spree_fancy', :git => 'git://github.com/spree/spree_fancy.git'
```

Then install the gem via Bundler:

```
$ bundle install
```

Finally, you need to copy over the migrations from the extension into your application, and set up asset pipeline require statements for `spree_fancy`:

```
$ bundle exec rails g spree_fancy:install
```


Testing
-------

Be sure to bundle your dependencies and then create a dummy test app for the specs to run against.

    $ bundle
    $ bundle exec rake test_app
    $ bundle exec rspec spec

Copyright (c) 2012-2013 Spree Commerce Inc., released under the New BSD License

Commit message:

Improved README readablity
Added a section about what the theme actually does.
Updated links to guides to point to what will be the urls in the new_guides branch.
Removed section about creating a dummy test app, this belongs in the guide.
Added a section about creating your own extensions, with links to the guide.

README.md, after:

SpreeFancy
==========

SpreeFancy is a theme that can be applied to an existing spree application. It's intended as a starting point to show how a barebones Spree application can be easily modified to give a nice look and feel. As a special bonus it uses a responsive design so looks good on mobile devices as well as on larger screens.

If you'd like to see the theme in action, you can register for your own personal [online sandbox](http://spreecommerce.com/demo) which uses the same theme.

Installation
============

Themes in Spree are typically implemented as [Spree extensions](http://guides.spreecommerce.com/developer/tutorials/extensions). To use the theme you will need an existing Spree application running Spree version 1.3 or higher. If you are unsure of how to do this you can find instructions on how to create a simple Spree application in the [Spree README](https://github.com/spree/spree).

Once you have a rails application running Spree, it's a simple three step process to install the spree_fancy extension.  First, add the gem to your `Gemfile`:

```
gem 'spree_fancy', :git => 'git://github.com/spree/spree_fancy.git'
```

Then install the gem via Bundler:

```
$ bundle install
```

Finally, you need to run spree_fancy's installer:

```
$ bundle exec rails g spree_fancy:install
```
This copies over the migrations from the extension into your application, and sets up asset pipeline require statements for `spree_fancy`.

Usage
=====

This theme alters the look and feel of the spree frontend, using the [bxSlider](http://http://bxslider.com/) jQuery plugin to present products on the front page. Products can appear in any of the 3 sliders: "Slider", "Featured" and "Latest". The plugin adds 3 taxonomies to control which products appear in the sliders. To try these out, sign in to the backend and try adding/removing the taxonomies to/from products and refresh the store front page to see how this affects the sliders.

This is achieved by overriding the index action in the Spree::HomeController using a Decorator. Have a look at the [Decorators Guide](http://guides.spreecommerce.com/developer/tutorials/decorators/) for more information about using decorators to customize your application's logic.

Creating Your Own Extensions
============================

To learn more about creating your own extensions, have a look in the [Spree extensions tutorial](http://guides.spreecommerce.com/developer/tutorials/extensions/)

Copyright (c) 2012-2013 Spree Commerce Inc., released under the New BSD License
